sdk/README.md, before:

# SDK for developers using MECAnywhere

## Python

- async def initiateConnection(containerRef, callbackOnReceive) -> None
  - containerRef: string - reference to container that will be offloaded
  - callbackOnReceive: function - callback function that will be called when results are back
- async def offload(data, callback) -> None
  - data: string - data to be offloaded
  - callback: function - callback function that will be called when the data is successfully offloaded
- async def disconnect() -> None
  - disconnect from the desktop app
- async def join() -> None
  - wait for all the results to be received

### Test

Start desktop app, docker daemon, executor and build dockerized task with
```
docker build -t test-offload -f containerized_example/Dockerfile.example containerized_example
```
Start virtual env, install requirements and run test-offload.py.

```
pip install torch==2.0.1+cpu --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
## JavaScript

Not updated

Commit message:

Connect appdev to client app to backend
Offloading uses blocking rpc endpoint. However,
with async callbacks and js' node env, it does not
block on the appdev and client side.
Cannot handle many concurrent offloads yet.

sdk/README.md, after:

# SDK for developers using MECAnywhere

## Python

- async def initiate_connection([timeout]) -> None
  - timeout: int (optional)
- async def offload_task(task_id, container_ref, data, callback, resource, runtime) -> str
  - task_id: str - identifier for the task to correlate with the callback results
  - container_ref: str - image name for the data to be processed
  - data: str
  - callback: Callable[[str], None] - function to be called when the results are received
  - resource: dict (optional) - resource requirements for the task
  - runtime: str (optional) - runtime environment for the task
- async def disconnect() -> None
- async def join(task_timeout, join_timeout) -> None
  - task_timeout: int - timeout for each task
  - join_timeout: int - timeout for all tasks

### Test

Start desktop app, docker daemon, executor and build dockerized task with
```
docker build -t test-offload -f containerized_example/Dockerfile.example containerized_example
```
Start virtual env, install requirements and run test-offload.py.

```
pip install torch==2.0.1+cpu --index-url https://download.pytorch.org/whl/cpu
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

### Examples

[test_basic_offload.py](test_basic_offload.py)

[test-offload.py](test-offload.py)

## JavaScript

Not updated
